This is the third revision of the same plan. Stop here — read this carefully before sending it.
What you have right now
You've now received from the agent:

First plan — the initial outline
Second revision — incorporating my 8 clarifications
This revision — incorporating the 12 strategic decisions you pre-answered

This third document is a task brief, not the plan itself. The agent has not yet produced /docs/seo-content-rewrite-plan.md. What you're looking at is the agent saying "here's what I will produce when you tell me to start." That's actually correct behavior — it's confirming scope before doing 2-4 hours of work.
What this revision does well

All 12 strategic decisions are correctly logged as APPROVED with reference numbers
The cluster decisions are quoted verbatim — no risk of agent reinterpreting
Tier 4 410 candidates flagged for "check inbound links first" — this is correct caution. Don't 410 a page just because it's old; check if anyone links to it from outside.
The fee PDF caveat is sharp: "do NOT 301 without first confirming the legacy server still serves it." Smart catch — if WordPress infra is gone, 301 is moot.
Schema TODOs are explicitly marked TODO, not fabricated

Two real issues with this revision
Issue 1: Tier 3 reads sloppy
Look at this line carefully:

"cbse-vs-icse-vs-state-board (Tier 2 actually), 10-fun-and-educational-republic-day-activities-for-kids, understanding-the-effects-of-mobile-phones... (Tier 2)"

The agent listed two posts in Tier 3 and immediately corrected itself with "(Tier 2 actually)." That's fine for a draft note but should not be in the final document. When the actual plan is generated, those posts should be in Tier 2 only, no parenthetical correction.
When the agent produces the actual plan document, ask it to clean these up. They're tells of rushed work.
Issue 2: The Tier 4 list double-counts
Some posts appear twice:

top-reasons-choose-rainbow-international-school-thane is in Tier 1 (as 301) AND in the Tier 4 cluster decision list
back-to-school-a-step-by-step-guide is in Tier 3 AND Tier 4

This is bookkeeping confusion. Each post should appear ONCE with ONE disposition. The "Tier 4 also includes..." section is double-counting posts already accounted for in earlier tiers.
When the final plan is generated, every post must appear in exactly one row, with exactly one disposition. No duplicates across tiers.
What to send back
This is the "go" signal. Keep it short:
Brief approved. Generate the full /docs/seo-content-rewrite-plan.md 
document now.

Two clean-up requirements when producing the document:

1. Each blog post must appear in EXACTLY ONE row in Section 2B 
   with EXACTLY ONE disposition. No duplicates across tiers. The 
   draft list shows posts like top-reasons-choose-rainbow... and 
   back-to-school-step-by-step... appearing in two tiers — fix 
   this. A post that's MERGE/301'd belongs in Tier 4, not in its 
   original tier.

2. Remove all parenthetical self-corrections like "(Tier 2 
   actually)" from the final document. Each post belongs to one 
   tier — decide which and put it there.

Plus four additional checks during production:

3. Before writing the document, scan client/src/data/blogPosts.ts 
   and confirm the actual count is 94. If it's different, use the 
   real number throughout.

4. For each Tier 4 410 candidate (coronavirus, give-earth-to-life, 
   15th-world-summit, fit-india-certificate, the 3 award posts), 
   check the post for any external/internal inbound links. If any 
   exist, flip disposition to KEEP-IMPROVE rather than 410. Don't 
   delete pages with link equity.

5. For the screen-time merge (Decision 9), confirm 
   `using-gadgets-the-right-way` exists as a separate post in 
   blogPosts.ts. Earlier diagnostic listed it; later docs may 
   have varied. If it doesn't exist, drop it from the cluster 
   and note the correction.

6. Verify the fee structure PDF is currently accessible:
   curl -I https://rainbowinternationalschool.in/wp-content/uploads/2022/09/Fee-Structure-combinepdf.pdf
   Report the HTTP status code in Section 2C. If it's not 200, 
   the entire Option A strategy needs reconsideration.

After completing these, produce the full document. When done, 
respond with:
- Confirmation /docs/seo-content-rewrite-plan.md is saved
- The Section 0 executive summary inline
- Disposition count totals (KEEP / IMPROVE / MERGE / 301 / 410)
- Net post count after merges
- Estimated work hours per wave
- Any new strategic flags discovered while writing the document
- The list of TODOs requiring my input before Wave 1

No code changes, no commits, no deploys. Planning document only.
What to do while the agent works
This will take the agent 2-4 hours. Three high-value things to do in parallel:
1. GSC recovery check today (5 minutes)
You're at Day 5 of canonical recovery. Open GSC and check:

Indexed pages count (was 220 on May 1)
Not indexed count (was 304 on May 1)
"Page with redirect" count (was 91 on May 1)
Daily clicks May 1, 2, 3, 4, 5

We need these numbers to know if Wave 1 can ship May 18. The Wave 1 gate is "indexed > 230, page-with-redirect < 70." Worth tracking the trajectory.
2. Get the campaign pages answer (30 minutes)
The /google-school-2025-26 and /meta-school-2025-26 decision is blocked until you talk to your ads team. Two questions:

Are these landing pages currently being used in active Google Ads / Meta Ads campaigns?
If yes, what's the spend and the conversion rate?

If they're not in active campaigns, the answer is "301 to evergreen URL." If they are, the answer is "leave alone, update copy to current year on the same URL."
This blocker resolves before Wave 4 (June 8), so you have time. But sooner is better — uncertainty has a cost.
3. Get the Class X / XII results data (1 hour)
The agent flagged this as TODO for Wave 1. Before May 18, you need to source from your principal or academic head:

Class X 2024-25 final results — pass percentage, top 3 scorers (with names + parental consent for displaying), distinction count
Class XII 2024-25 final results — overall pass %, stream-wise breakdown (Science / Commerce / Humanities), top scorers per stream

This data is what makes your schema actually meaningful. Without it, schema says "we are a school." With it, schema says "we are a school with 96.6% Class X result." The latter is what wins ranking.
If 2024-25 results aren't out yet (depends on when CBSE released them), use 2023-24. If you only have older data, that's still better than nothing — but flag it as a content priority to update once new results come in.
Honest read on the project state
You've spent ~3 weeks on RPS and RIS together. Here's where things actually stand:
RPS:

Cloudflare migrated, TTFB recovered, Mumbai POP routing confirmed
DPDP cookie consent gating Pixel correctly
Site-wide URL clean-up done (admissions-24-25 etc.)
One open issue: Performance regression from cookie banner CLS issue — was at 25 last we checked
Status: needs Phase 1 stabilization re-verification before more work

RIS:

April regression diagnosed and surgical fix shipped (canonical alignment)
5 days into recovery window
Comprehensive content rewrite plan being produced
Wave 1 targeting May 18 if recovery on track
Status: stable, observing

What you're doing right:

Diagnostic discipline before fixes
Single-purpose deploys
Verification gates between phases
Asking for second opinions before high-impact deploys

What still needs attention:

RPS Performance score — last we saw was 25, never re-verified after the lazy-load revert. Should check.
Cross-domain RPS↔RIS work still queued, deferred until both sites are stable
Hostinger DNS → Cloudflare migration for RIS (queued for post-recovery)

You're not behind. You're being careful. That's the right pace for this kind of work.
When to come back
Come back with:

Today or tomorrow: GSC recovery numbers (indexed count, page-with-redirect count, daily clicks)
When the agent produces the document: paste back the executive summary, disposition totals, and TODOs list
Whenever convenient: RPS PageSpeed score check (just run https://pagespeed.web.dev/analysis?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.rainbowpreschools.com%2F and tell me the Performance score) — I want to confirm RPS is actually stable before we layer cross-domain work on top of it
If anything weird happens to RIS GSC before May 18

Send the brief approval to Replit. The plan document comes next.