Good. Both Finding 7 and the diff are clean. A few things changed since my last message — let me update before you approve.
Finding 7 raises the stakes
Four URLs in the sitemap that don't have bot SSR coverage at all: /application-form, /school-managing-committee, /virtual-learning, /brand-partners.
This means Googlebot fetches these URLs and gets back the empty React shell (<div id="root"></div>) — no title, no canonical, no content, no robots meta. Google sees the shell, judges it as empty, marks "Crawled – currently not indexed."
This is a separate, additive issue. The April 11 deploy didn't cause this — these have been broken since they were created. They're contributing to the 62 "Crawled – currently not indexed" baseline that existed before the regression.
Don't fix in this deploy though. Stay disciplined. One change, one deploy. We'll fix Finding 7 in a separate follow-up after the canonical fix is verified working. Just noting it for the queue.
Finding by the agent — the og:url too
The agent caught something I missed: line 127 has the same trailing-slash bug on og:url. That's the Open Graph URL used by Facebook, LinkedIn, WhatsApp, and other social platforms when generating link previews. If og:url differs from the actual serving URL, social platforms can also get confused about which version to show.
Including this in the diff is correct. Two-character change on two lines, same root cause, single semantic fix.
My review of the diff
The diff is minimal and surgical. Nothing wrong with it.
But I want one more thing checked before approval. Reply to Replit with this:
Diff approved in principle. Two clarifications before I give final 
go-ahead to deploy:

1. Confirm there are no OTHER places in the codebase that reference 
   blog URLs with trailing slashes. Run:

   grep -rn "blog/\${" server/ client/src/ --include="*.ts" --include="*.tsx"
   grep -rn "/blog/.*\\\\/" server/ client/src/ --include="*.ts" --include="*.tsx"
   grep -rn "blog.*slug.*\\\\/\"" server/ client/src/ --include="*.ts" --include="*.tsx"

   Specifically check:
   - Any internal links from RIS pages to blog posts (Header nav, 
     Footer, "Related posts" sections)
   - Any sitemap generation logic
   - Any RSS/feed generators
   - Any structured data (JSON-LD BlogPosting URL fields)
   - Any canonical references in non-SSR React components

   List every match. If any links to blog posts use trailing slashes 
   anywhere in the codebase, the inconsistency will continue.

2. Check the JSON-LD schema in ssrBlog.ts for the BlogPosting / 
   Article schema. Specifically:
   - The "url" field
   - The "mainEntityOfPage" field  
   - Any "@id" fields
   
   These should match the canonical (no trailing slash). If they 
   currently have trailing slashes, include them in this same fix — 
   they're the same bug expressed in JSON-LD instead of HTML meta tags.

After those two checks, paste the results here. If there are 
additional trailing-slash references, include them in this same 
single deploy — they're the same logical fix. If there are none, 
proceed with the diff exactly as proposed.
Why this extra check matters
If you fix the canonical in HTML but leave a trailing-slash URL in:

The JSON-LD schema → Google now sees TWO URL signals, one fixed and one broken. Worse than before.
Footer/sidebar links → Internal links go to /blog/slug/ which 301s, wasting crawl budget on every internal navigation
Sitemap generator (if it uses the same template logic) → sitemap could regenerate with wrong URLs at next build

The fix needs to cover every signal that tells Google what the canonical URL is, not just the <link rel="canonical"> tag. Sometimes JSON-LD mainEntityOfPage.@id is what Google actually trusts, and if that's wrong, fixing the HTML canonical alone won't help.
After agent confirms — final approval
When the agent responds, two scenarios:
Scenario A — No other trailing-slash references:
Reply with: "Approved. Deploy. Then run the post-deploy verification curl checks. Do not request indexing on more than 5 URLs in GSC. Then stop and report — no more changes for at least 7 days."
Scenario B — Other references found:
Reply with: "Add those to the same diff. Show me the updated diff before deploying. Same constraint: this single semantic fix only, nothing else."
Either way, the deploy itself is one focused change.
After deploy — the discipline part
This is where you and I have to hold the line:
For 7-14 days after the deploy:

❌ Don't ship Finding 3 fix (book-list)
❌ Don't ship Finding 4 fix (robots.txt /ris)
❌ Don't ship Finding 7 fix (the four pages without SSR)
❌ Don't add cross-domain RPS↔RIS linking
❌ Don't optimize performance, schema, or content
❌ Don't touch anything else

Why: Google needs to re-crawl, re-evaluate canonicals, and restore the index. If we ship more changes during that window, we can't tell which change caused which effect. We've seen this exact pattern fail on the preschool site — three "improvements" in a week dropped Performance from 64 to 25.
During those 7-14 days, what we DO instead:

Monitor GSC daily. Watch the indexing report. We want to see:

"Page with redirect" count dropping
"Indexed" count climbing back toward 253+
Daily impressions stabilizing or growing


Spot-check 5 blog post URLs every 2 days in GSC URL Inspection. Note their reported canonical (Google's choice vs declared). Goal: Google's chosen canonical should match the declared canonical (no slash) within 14 days.
Plan the next fixes without deploying them. We can prepare:

The book-list resolution
The robots.txt rewrite
The 4 missing-SSR pages decision (add SSR or remove from sitemap?)
The cross-domain RPS↔RIS infrastructure


You complete one offline task: in GSC, after the deploy, manually request indexing on these 5 high-traffic blog URLs only:

/cbse-vs-icse-which-board-prepares-students-better-for-the-future (91K impressions)
/ideal-teacher-qualities-traits-of-a-great-educator (57K impressions)
/key-facilities-every-good-cbse-school-should-have (42K impressions)
/cultural-activities-for-students-key-to-developing-critical-thinking-skills (63K impressions)
/imporatnce-of-sports-in-students-life (41K impressions, also note the typo in the URL — imporatnce — we'll address later)

That's it. Don't bulk-submit all 94. Submitting more than 10 at once looks like manipulation to Google.

One small thing for your queue
Note that one URL has a typo: /imporatnce-of-sports-in-students-life (missing the second 'r' in importance). That URL has 41,846 impressions over 90 days. Don't fix the typo — fixing it now would create yet another redirect during the recovery window. Add it to the post-recovery improvement list so we redirect it to a corrected URL once Google has stabilized in 4-6 weeks. The typo is currently your friend; changing it is a future trap.
Send the prompt now
Send the validation prompt to Replit. When you have the agent's response on whether other trailing-slash references exist, paste it back here. Then we approve and deploy.
After deploy, we wait. Hard part starts then.